   IBM Public License Version 1.0
   
   THE ACCOMPANYING PROGRAM IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS IBM
   PUBLIC LICENSE ("AGREEMENT"). ANY USE, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF
   THE PROGRAM CONSTITUTES RECIPIENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT.
   
   1. DEFINITIONS
   
   "Contribution" means:
   a) in the case of International Business Machines Corporation ("IBM"),
       the Original Program, and
       
   b) in the case of each Contributor,
       
   i) changes to the Program, and
       
   ii) additions to the Program;
       
   where such changes and/or additions to the Program originate from and
       are distributed by that particular Contributor. A Contribution
       'originates' from a Contributor if it was added to the Program by
       such Contributor itself or anyone acting on such Contributor's
       behalf. Contributions do not include additions to the Program
       which: (i) are separate modules of software distributed in
       conjunction with the Program under their own license agreement,
       and (ii) are not derivative works of the Program.
       
   "Contributor" means IBM and any other entity that distributes the
   Program.
   
   "Licensed Patents " mean patent claims licensable by a Contributor
   which are necessarily infringed by the use or sale of its Contribution
   alone or when combined with the Program.
   
   "Original Program" means the original version of the software
   accompanying this Agreement as released by IBM, including source code,
   object code and documentation, if any.
   
   "Program" means the Original Program and Contributions.
   
   "Recipient" means anyone who receives the Program under this
   Agreement, including all Contributors.
   
   2. GRANT OF RIGHTS
   a) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby
       grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free
       copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of,
       publicly display, publicly perform, distribute and sublicense the
       Contribution of such Contributor, if any, and such derivative
       works, in source code and object code form.
       
   b) Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Contributor hereby
       grants Recipient a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent
       license under Licensed Patents to make, use, sell, offer to sell,
       import and otherwise transfer the Contribution of such
       Contributor, if any, in source code and object code form. This
       patent license shall apply to the combination of the Contribution
       and the Program if, at the time the Contribution is added by the
       Contributor, such addition of the Contribution causes such
       combination to be covered by the Licensed Patents. The patent
       license shall not apply to any other combinations which include
       the Contribution. No hardware per se is licensed hereunder.
       
   c) Recipient understands that although each Contributor grants the
       licenses to its Contributions set forth herein, no assurances are
       provided by any Contributor that the Program does not infringe the
       patent or other intellectual property rights of any other entity.
       Each Contributor disclaims any liability to Recipient for claims
       brought by any other entity based on infringement of intellectual
       property rights or otherwise. As a condition to exercising the
       rights and licenses granted hereunder, each Recipient hereby
       assumes sole responsibility to secure any other intellectual
       property rights needed, if any. For example, if a third party
       patent license is required to allow Recipient to distribute the
       Program, it is Recipient's responsibility to acquire that license
       before distributing the Program.
       
   d) Each Contributor represents that to its knowledge it has sufficient
       copyright rights in its Contribution, if any, to grant the
       copyright license set forth in this Agreement.
       
   3. REQUIREMENTS
   
   A Contributor may choose to distribute the Program in object code form
   under its own license agreement, provided that:
   a) it complies with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and
       
   b) its license agreement:
       
   i) effectively disclaims on behalf of all Contributors all warranties
       and conditions, express and implied, including warranties or
       conditions of title and non-infringement, and implied warranties
       or conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular
       purpose;
       
   ii) effectively excludes on behalf of all Contributors all liability
       for damages, including direct, indirect, special, incidental and
       consequential damages, such as lost profits;
       
   iii) states that any provisions which differ from this Agreement are
       offered by that Contributor alone and not by any other party; and
       
   iv) states that source code for the Program is available from such
       Contributor, and informs licensees how to obtain it in a
       reasonable manner on or through a medium customarily used for
       software exchange.
       
   When the Program is made available in source code form:
   a) it must be made available under this Agreement; and
       
   b) a copy of this Agreement must be included with each copy of the
       Program.
       
   Each Contributor must include the following in a conspicuous location
   in the Program:
   
   Copyright © {date here}, International Business Machines Corporation
       and others. All Rights Reserved.
       
   In addition, each Contributor must identify itself as the originator
   of its Contribution, if any, in a manner that reasonably allows
   subsequent Recipients to identify the originator of the Contribution.
   
   4. COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION
   
   Commercial distributors of software may accept certain
   responsibilities with respect to end users, business partners and the
   like. While this license is intended to facilitate the commercial use
   of the Program, the Contributor who includes the Program in a
   commercial product offering should do so in a manner which does not
   create potential liability for other Contributors. Therefore, if a
   Contributor includes the Program in a commercial product offering,
   such Contributor ("Commercial Contributor") hereby agrees to defend
   and indemnify every other Contributor ("Indemnified Contributor")
   against any losses, damages and costs (collectively "Losses") arising
   from claims, lawsuits and other legal actions brought by a third party
   against the Indemnified Contributor to the extent caused by the acts
   or omissions of such Commercial Contributor in connection with its
   distribution of the Program in a commercial product offering. The
   obligations in this section do not apply to any claims or Losses
   relating to any actual or alleged intellectual property infringement.
   In order to qualify, an Indemnified Contributor must: a) promptly
   notify the Commercial Contributor in writing of such claim, and b)
   allow the Commercial Contributor to control, and cooperate with the
   Commercial Contributor in, the defense and any related settlement
   negotiations. The Indemnified Contributor may participate in any such
   claim at its own expense.
   
   For example, a Contributor might include the Program in a commercial
   product offering, Product X. That Contributor is then a Commercial
   Contributor. If that Commercial Contributor then makes performance
   claims, or offers warranties related to Product X, those performance
   claims and warranties are such Commercial Contributor's responsibility
   alone. Under this section, the Commercial Contributor would have to
   defend claims against the other Contributors related to those
   performance claims and warranties, and if a court requires any other
   Contributor to pay any damages as a result, the Commercial Contributor
   must pay those damages.
   
   5. NO WARRANTY
   
   EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE PROGRAM IS
   PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
   KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
   WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
   OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Each Recipient is solely
   responsible for determining the appropriateness of using and
   distributing the Program and assumes all risks associated with its
   exercise of rights under this Agreement, including but not limited to
   the risks and costs of program errors, compliance with applicable
   laws, damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and
   unavailability or interruption of operations.
   
   6. DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
   
   EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER RECIPIENT NOR
   ANY CONTRIBUTORS SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
   INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING
   WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
   LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
   NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OR
   DISTRIBUTION OF THE PROGRAM OR THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS GRANTED
   HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
   
   7. GENERAL
   
   If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under
   applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
   the remainder of the terms of this Agreement, and without further
   action by the parties hereto, such provision shall be reformed to the
   minimum extent necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable.
   
   If Recipient institutes patent litigation against a Contributor with
   respect to a patent applicable to software (including a cross-claim or
   counterclaim in a lawsuit), then any patent licenses granted by that
   Contributor to such Recipient under this Agreement shall terminate as
   of the date such litigation is filed. In addition, If Recipient
   institutes patent litigation against any entity (including a
   cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Program
   itself (excluding combinations of the Program with other software or
   hardware) infringes such Recipient's patent(s), then such Recipient's
   rights granted under Section 2(b) shall terminate as of the date such
   litigation is filed.
   
   All Recipient's rights under this Agreement shall terminate if it
   fails to comply with any of the material terms or conditions of this
   Agreement and does not cure such failure in a reasonable period of
   time after becoming aware of such noncompliance. If all Recipient's
   rights under this Agreement terminate, Recipient agrees to cease use
   and distribution of the Program as soon as reasonably practicable.
   However, Recipient's obligations under this Agreement and any licenses
   granted by Recipient relating to the Program shall continue and
   survive.
   
   IBM may publish new versions (including revisions) of this Agreement
   from time to time. Each new version of the Agreement will be given a
   distinguishing version number. The Program (including Contributions)
   may always be distributed subject to the version of the Agreement
   under which it was received. In addition, after a new version of the
   Agreement is published, Contributor may elect to distribute the
   Program (including its Contributions) under the new version. No one
   other than IBM has the right to modify this Agreement. Except as
   expressly stated in Sections 2(a) and 2(b) above, Recipient receives
   no rights or licenses to the intellectual property of any Contributor
   under this Agreement, whether expressly, by implication, estoppel or
   otherwise. All rights in the Program not expressly granted under this
   Agreement are reserved.
   
   This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York and
   the intellectual property laws of the United States of America. No
   party to this Agreement will bring a legal action under this Agreement
   more than one year after the cause of action arose. Each party waives
   its rights to a jury trial in any resulting litigation.

Kerberos 5 ticket support in rxkad is subject to the following copyright:
/*
 * Copyright (c) 1995, 1996, 1997, 2002 Kungliga Tekniska Högskolan
 * (Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden).
 * All rights reserved.
 * 
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * 
 * 3. Neither the name of the Institute nor the names of its contributors
 *    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
 *    without specific prior written permission.
 * 
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE INSTITUTE AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
 * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INSTITUTE OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
 * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
 * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 * SUCH DAMAGE.
 */

Some code in rxkad/ticket5.c is subject to the following copyright:
/*
 * Copyright 1992, 2002 by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
 * All Rights Reserved.
 *
 * Export of this software from the United States of America may
 *   require a specific license from the United States Government.
 *   It is the responsibility of any person or organization contemplating
 *   export to obtain such a license before exporting.
 * 
 * WITHIN THAT CONSTRAINT, permission to use, copy, modify, and
 * distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and
 * without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
 * notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and
 * this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and that
 * the name of M.I.T. not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining
 * to distribution of the software without specific, written prior
 * permission.  Furthermore if you modify this software you must label
 * your software as modified software and not distribute it in such a
 * fashion that it might be confused with the original M.I.T. software.
 * M.I.T. makes no representations about the suitability of
 * this software for any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express
 * or implied warranty.
 */

afssettings is subject to the following license:
APPLE PUBLIC SOURCE LICENSE
Version 2.0 - August 6, 2003

Please read this License carefully before downloading this software.
By downloading or using this software, you are agreeing to be bound by
the terms of this License. If you do not or cannot agree to the terms
of this License, please do not download or use the software.

1. General; Definitions. This License applies to any program or other
work which Apple Computer, Inc. ("Apple") makes publicly available and
which contains a notice placed by Apple identifying such program or
work as "Original Code" and stating that it is subject to the terms of
this Apple Public Source License version 2.0 ("License"). As used in
this License:

1.1 "Applicable Patent Rights" mean: (a) in the case where Apple is
the grantor of rights, (i) claims of patents that are now or hereafter
acquired, owned by or assigned to Apple and (ii) that cover subject
matter contained in the Original Code, but only to the extent
necessary to use, reproduce and/or distribute the Original Code
without infringement; and (b) in the case where You are the grantor of
rights, (i) claims of patents that are now or hereafter acquired,
owned by or assigned to You and (ii) that cover subject matter in Your
Modifications, taken alone or in combination with Original Code.

1.2 "Contributor" means any person or entity that creates or
contributes to the creation of Modifications.

1.3 "Covered Code" means the Original Code, Modifications, the
combination of Original Code and any Modifications, and/or any
respective portions thereof.

1.4 "Externally Deploy" means: (a) to sublicense, distribute or
otherwise make Covered Code available, directly or indirectly, to
anyone other than You; and/or (b) to use Covered Code, alone or as
part of a Larger Work, in any way to provide a service, including but
not limited to delivery of content, through electronic communication
with a client other than You.

1.5 "Larger Work" means a work which combines Covered Code or portions
thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License.

1.6 "Modifications" mean any addition to, deletion from, and/or change
to, the substance and/or structure of the Original Code, any previous
Modifications, the combination of Original Code and any previous
Modifications, and/or any respective portions thereof. When code is
released as a series of files, a Modification is: (a) any addition to
or deletion from the contents of a file containing Covered Code;
and/or (b) any new file or other representation of computer program
statements that contains any part of Covered Code.

1.7 "Original Code" means (a) the Source Code of a program or other
work as originally made available by Apple under this License,
including the Source Code of any updates or upgrades to such programs
or works made available by Apple under this License, and that has been
expressly identified by Apple as such in the header file(s) of such
work; and (b) the object code compiled from such Source Code and
originally made available by Apple under this License.

1.8 "Source Code" means the human readable form of a program or other
work that is suitable for making modifications to it, including all
modules it contains, plus any associated interface definition files,
scripts used to control compilation and installation of an executable
(object code).

1.9 "You" or "Your" means an individual or a legal entity exercising
rights under this License. For legal entities, "You" or "Your"
includes any entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, You, where "control" means (a) the power, direct
or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity,
whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of fifty percent
(50%) or more of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership of
such entity.

2. Permitted Uses; Conditions & Restrictions. Subject to the terms
and conditions of this License, Apple hereby grants You, effective on
the date You accept this License and download the Original Code, a
world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license, to the extent of
Apple's Applicable Patent Rights and copyrights covering the Original
Code, to do the following:

2.1 Unmodified Code. You may use, reproduce, display, perform,
internally distribute within Your organization, and Externally Deploy
verbatim, unmodified copies of the Original Code, for commercial or
non-commercial purposes, provided that in each instance:

(a) You must retain and reproduce in all copies of Original Code the
copyright and other proprietary notices and disclaimers of Apple as
they appear in the Original Code, and keep intact all notices in the
Original Code that refer to this License; and

(b) You must include a copy of this License with every copy of Source
Code of Covered Code and documentation You distribute or Externally
Deploy, and You may not offer or impose any terms on such Source Code
that alter or restrict this License or the recipients' rights
hereunder, except as permitted under Section 6.

2.2 Modified Code. You may modify Covered Code and use, reproduce,
display, perform, internally distribute within Your organization, and
Externally Deploy Your Modifications and Covered Code, for commercial
or non-commercial purposes, provided that in each instance You also
meet all of these conditions:

(a) You must satisfy all the conditions of Section 2.1 with respect to
the Source Code of the Covered Code;

(b) You must duplicate, to the extent it does not already exist, the
notice in Exhibit A in each file of the Source Code of all Your
Modifications, and cause the modified files to carry prominent notices
stating that You changed the files and the date of any change; and

(c) If You Externally Deploy Your Modifications, You must make
Source Code of all Your Externally Deployed Modifications either
available to those to whom You have Externally Deployed Your
Modifications, or publicly available. Source Code of Your Externally
Deployed Modifications must be released under the terms set forth in
this License, including the license grants set forth in Section 3
below, for as long as you Externally Deploy the Covered Code or twelve
(12) months from the date of initial External Deployment, whichever is
longer. You should preferably distribute the Source Code of Your
Externally Deployed Modifications electronically (e.g. download from a
web site).

2.3 Distribution of Executable Versions. In addition, if You
Externally Deploy Covered Code (Original Code and/or Modifications) in
object code, executable form only, You must include a prominent
notice, in the code itself as well as in related documentation,
stating that Source Code of the Covered Code is available under the
terms of this License with information on how and where to obtain such
Source Code.

2.4 Third Party Rights. You expressly acknowledge and agree that
although Apple and each Contributor grants the licenses to their
respective portions of the Covered Code set forth herein, no
assurances are provided by Apple or any Contributor that the Covered
Code does not infringe the patent or other intellectual property
rights of any other entity. Apple and each Contributor disclaim any
liability to You for claims brought by any other entity based on
infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise. As a
condition to exercising the rights and licenses granted hereunder, You
hereby assume sole responsibility to secure any other intellectual
property rights needed, if any. For example, if a third party patent
license is required to allow You to distribute the Covered Code, it is
Your responsibility to acquire that license before distributing the
Covered Code.

3. Your Grants. In consideration of, and as a condition to, the
licenses granted to You under this License, You hereby grant to any
person or entity receiving or distributing Covered Code under this
License a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable license,
under Your Applicable Patent Rights and other intellectual property
rights (other than patent) owned or controlled by You, to use,
reproduce, display, perform, modify, sublicense, distribute and
Externally Deploy Your Modifications of the same scope and extent as
Apple's licenses under Sections 2.1 and 2.2 above.

4. Larger Works. You may create a Larger Work by combining Covered
Code with other code not governed by the terms of this License and
distribute the Larger Work as a single product. In each such instance,
You must make sure the requirements of this License are fulfilled for
the Covered Code or any portion thereof.

5. Limitations on Patent License. Except as expressly stated in
Section 2, no other patent rights, express or implied, are granted by
Apple herein. Modifications and/or Larger Works may require additional
patent licenses from Apple which Apple may grant in its sole
discretion.

6. Additional Terms. You may choose to offer, and to charge a fee for,
warranty, support, indemnity or liability obligations and/or other
rights consistent with the scope of the license granted herein
("Additional Terms") to one or more recipients of Covered Code.
However, You may do so only on Your own behalf and as Your sole
responsibility, and not on behalf of Apple or any Contributor. You
must obtain the recipient's agreement that any such Additional Terms
are offered by You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify, defend
and hold Apple and every Contributor harmless for any liability
incurred by or claims asserted against Apple or such Contributor by
reason of any such Additional Terms.

7. Versions of the License. Apple may publish revised and/or new
versions of this License from time to time. Each version will be given
a distinguishing version number. Once Original Code has been published
under a particular version of this License, You may continue to use it
under the terms of that version. You may also choose to use such
Original Code under the terms of any subsequent version of this
License published by Apple. No one other than Apple has the right to
modify the terms applicable to Covered Code created under this
License.

8. NO WARRANTY OR SUPPORT. The Covered Code may contain in whole or in
part pre-release, untested, or not fully tested works. The Covered
Code may contain errors that could cause failures or loss of data, and
may be incomplete or contain inaccuracies. You expressly acknowledge
and agree that use of the Covered Code, or any portion thereof, is at
Your sole and entire risk. THE COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND
WITHOUT WARRANTY, UPGRADES OR SUPPORT OF ANY KIND AND APPLE AND
APPLE'S LICENSOR(S) (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS "APPLE" FOR THE
PURPOSES OF SECTIONS 8 AND 9) AND ALL CONTRIBUTORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM
ALL WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF
MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTY RIGHTS. APPLE AND EACH CONTRIBUTOR DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST
INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE COVERED CODE, THAT THE
FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE COVERED CODE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS,
THAT THE OPERATION OF THE COVERED CODE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE COVERED CODE WILL BE CORRECTED. NO
ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY APPLE, AN APPLE
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY.
You acknowledge that the Covered Code is not intended for use in the
operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation, communication
systems, or air traffic control machines in which case the failure of
the Covered Code could lead to death, personal injury, or severe
physical or environmental damage.

9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO
EVENT SHALL APPLE OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING
TO THIS LICENSE OR YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE COVERED CODE, OR
ANY PORTION THEREOF, WHETHER UNDER A THEORY OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY,
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCTS LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF
APPLE OR SUCH CONTRIBUTOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY
REMEDY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY
TO YOU. In no event shall Apple's total liability to You for all
damages (other than as may be required by applicable law) under this
License exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00).

10. Trademarks. This License does not grant any rights to use the
trademarks or trade names "Apple", "Apple Computer", "Mac", "Mac OS",
"QuickTime", "QuickTime Streaming Server" or any other trademarks,
service marks, logos or trade names belonging to Apple (collectively
"Apple Marks") or to any trademark, service mark, logo or trade name
belonging to any Contributor. You agree not to use any Apple Marks in
or as part of the name of products derived from the Original Code or
to endorse or promote products derived from the Original Code other
than as expressly permitted by and in strict compliance at all times
with Apple's third party trademark usage guidelines which are posted
at http://www.apple.com/legal/guidelinesfor3rdparties.html.

11. Ownership. Subject to the licenses granted under this License,
each Contributor retains all rights, title and interest in and to any
Modifications made by such Contributor. Apple retains all rights,
title and interest in and to the Original Code and any Modifications
made by or on behalf of Apple ("Apple Modifications"), and such Apple
Modifications will not be automatically subject to this License. Apple
may, at its sole discretion, choose to license such Apple
Modifications under this License, or on different terms from those
contained in this License or may choose not to license them at all.

12. Termination.

12.1 Termination. This License and the rights granted hereunder will
terminate:

(a) automatically without notice from Apple if You fail to comply with
any term(s) of this License and fail to cure such breach within 30
days of becoming aware of such breach;

(b) immediately in the event of the circumstances described in Section
13.5(b); or

(c) automatically without notice from Apple if You, at any time during
the term of this License, commence an action for patent infringement
against Apple; provided that Apple did not first commence
an action for patent infringement against You in that instance.

12.2 Effect of Termination. Upon termination, You agree to immediately
stop any further use, reproduction, modification, sublicensing and
distribution of the Covered Code. All sublicenses to the Covered Code
which have been properly granted prior to termination shall survive
any termination of this License. Provisions which, by their nature,
should remain in effect beyond the termination of this License shall
survive, including but not limited to Sections 3, 5, 8, 9, 10, 11,
12.2 and 13. No party will be liable to any other for compensation,
indemnity or damages of any sort solely as a result of terminating
this License in accordance with its terms, and termination of this
License will be without prejudice to any other right or remedy of
any party.

13. Miscellaneous.

13.1 Government End Users. The Covered Code is a "commercial item" as
defined in FAR 2.101. Government software and technical data rights in
the Covered Code include only those rights customarily provided to the
public as defined in this License. This customary commercial license
in technical data and software is provided in accordance with FAR
12.211 (Technical Data) and 12.212 (Computer Software) and, for
Department of Defense purchases, DFAR 252.227-7015 (Technical Data --
Commercial Items) and 227.7202-3 (Rights in Commercial Computer
Software or Computer Software Documentation). Accordingly, all U.S.
Government End Users acquire Covered Code with only those rights set
forth herein.

13.2 Relationship of Parties. This License will not be construed as
creating an agency, partnership, joint venture or any other form of
legal association between or among You, Apple or any Contributor, and
You will not represent to the contrary, whether expressly, by
implication, appearance or otherwise.

13.3 Independent Development. Nothing in this License will impair
Apple's right to acquire, license, develop, have others develop for
it, market and/or distribute technology or products that perform the
same or similar functions as, or otherwise compete with,
Modifications, Larger Works, technology or products that You may
develop, produce, market or distribute.

13.4 Waiver; Construction. Failure by Apple or any Contributor to
enforce any provision of this License will not be deemed a waiver of
future enforcement of that or any other provision. Any law or
regulation which provides that the language of a contract shall be
construed against the drafter will not apply to this License.

13.5 Severability. (a) If for any reason a court of competent
jurisdiction finds any provision of this License, or portion thereof,
to be unenforceable, that provision of the License will be enforced to
the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the economic benefits
and intent of the parties, and the remainder of this License will
continue in full force and effect. (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if applicable law prohibits or restricts You from fully and/or
specifically complying with Sections 2 and/or 3 or prevents the
enforceability of either of those Sections, this License will
immediately terminate and You must immediately discontinue any use of
the Covered Code and destroy all copies of it that are in your
possession or control.

13.6 Dispute Resolution. Any litigation or other dispute resolution
between You and Apple relating to this License shall take place in the
Northern District of California, and You and Apple hereby consent to
the personal jurisdiction of, and venue in, the state and federal
courts within that District with respect to this License. The
application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.

13.7 Entire Agreement; Governing Law. This License constitutes the
entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof. This License shall be governed by the laws of the
United States and the State of California, except that body of
California law concerning conflicts of law.

Where You are located in the province of Quebec, Canada, the following
clause applies: The parties hereby confirm that they have requested
that this License and all related documents be drafted in English. Les
parties ont exige que le present contrat et tous les documents
connexes soient rediges en anglais.

EXHIBIT A.

"Portions Copyright (c) 1999-2003 Apple Computer, Inc. All Rights
Reserved.

This file contains Original Code and/or Modifications of Original Code
as defined in and that are subject to the Apple Public Source License
Version 2.0 (the 'License'). You may not use this file except in
compliance with the License. Please obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.opensource.apple.com/apsl/ and read it before using this
file.

The Original Code and all software distributed under the License are
distributed on an 'AS IS' basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND APPLE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Please see the License for the specific language governing rights and
limitations under the License."

Some portions of Rx are subject to the following license:
/*
 * Sun RPC is a product of Sun Microsystems, Inc. and is provided for
 * unrestricted use provided that this legend is included on all tape
 * media and as a part of the software program in whole or part.  Users
 * may copy or modify Sun RPC without charge, but are not authorized
 * to license or distribute it to anyone else except as part of a product or
 * program developed by the user or with the express written consent of
 * Sun Microsystems, Inc.
 *
 * SUN RPC IS PROVIDED AS IS WITH NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING THE
 * WARRANTIES OF DESIGN, MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
 * PURPOSE, OR ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE.
 *
 * Sun RPC is provided with no support and without any obligation on the
 * part of Sun Microsystems, Inc. to assist in its use, correction,
 * modification or enhancement.
 *
 * SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC. SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE
 * INFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHTS, TRADE SECRETS OR ANY PATENTS BY SUN RPC
 * OR ANY PART THEREOF.
 *
 * In no event will Sun Microsystems, Inc. be liable for any lost revenue
 * or profits or other special, indirect and consequential damages, even if
 * Sun has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
 *
 * Sun Microsystems, Inc.
 * 2550 Garcia Avenue
 * Mountain View, California  94043
 */

src/afs/LINUX/osi_flush.s included code under IBM Public License with permission of the author, Paul MacKerras.
